_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Your One-Stop General Contractor for AI Services

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Adds bio and image to the about page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Pioneering AI Deep Engineering Solutions

profile:
  align: right
  image: ai-de-general-contractor.jpeg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hi, I’m Dr. Kev, founder of **aide lab**. The name `aide` isn’t just an acronym for AI Deep Engineering—it's our commitment to come to your aid with cutting-edge AI solutions. At **aide lab**, our mission is to provide deeply technical, AI-driven solutions designed specifically for small businesses and startups. With a PhD from [MIT](https://web.mit.edu/) and years of experience in tech industry, I specialize in machine learning, artificial intelligence, and large language models and bring hands-on expertise in developing advanced AI systems. 

Consider me as your all-in-one `general contractor` for adding AI solutions to your business. I believe that AI, when engineered with precision and expertise, can be a powerful tool for innovation and growth. My goal is to empower your business with the strategies and tools needed to succeed in today’s AI-driven world. Reach out to me and schedule a free consultation at `mlsgatmit@gmail.com`.
